[synthetics] Add `locations` and `private_locations` lightweight options (#3326)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/observability/synthetics-reference/lightweight-config/common.asciidoc

*Examples*:

[source,yaml]
----
locations: ["asia-northeast1-a", "asia-south1-a"]
----

[source,yaml]
----
locations:
  - asia-northeast1-a
  - asia-south1-a
----

////////////////////////
private_locations
////////////////////////
| [[monitor-private_locations]] *`private_locations`*
(list of <<synthetics-lightweight-data-string,string>>s)
a| The <<synthetics-private-location,{private-location}s>> to which the monitors will be deployed. These {private-location}s refer to locations hosted and managed by you, whereas  `locations` are hosted by Elastic. You can specify a {private-location} using the location's name.

To list available {private-location}s you can:

* Run the <<elastic-synthetics-locations-command,`elastic-synthetics locations` command>> with the {kib} URL for the deployment from which to fetch available locations.
* Go to *Synthetics* -> *Management* and click *Create monitor*. {private-location}s will be listed in _Locations_.

> // If no `locations` or `private_locations` are specified in the monitor configuration, but is defined in the <<synthetics-configuration,project configuration file>>, the monitors will be pushed to the locations listed in the project configuration file.

Reviewer: ++ Same as what happens for the browser monitors. We can even link to those docs instead of having it duplicated here. 

```
This can also be set in the configuration file using
<<synthetics-configuration-monitor,`monitor.privateLocations` in the configuration file>>.
The value defined via the CLI will take precedence.

```

retest_on_failure: false
----

////////////////////////
locations
////////////////////////
| [[monitor-locations]] *`locations`*
(list of https://github.com/elastic/synthetics/blob/{synthetics_version}/src/locations/public-locations.ts#L28-L37[`SyntheticsLocationsType`])
a| Where to deploy the monitor. Monitors can be deployed in multiple locations so that you can detect differences in availability and response times across those locations.

To list available locations you can:

* Run the <<elastic-synthetics-locations-command,`elastic-synthetics locations` command>>.
* Go to *Synthetics* -> *Management* and click *Create monitor*. Locations will be listed in _Locations_.

// If no `locations` or `private_locations` are specified in the monitor configuration, but is defined in the <<synthetics-configuration,project configuration file>>, the monitors will be pushed to the locations listed in the project configuration file.

*Examples*:

[source,yaml]
----

> locations: ["asia-northeast1-a", "asia-south1-a"]

Reviewer: This would be similar to the public location list we have declared here - https://github.com/elastic/synthetics/blob/d787cff0232536152a918f7964ab4e3a49977c50/src/locations/public-locations.ts#L27-L38

Internally we map these to these long ids to make it easier for devs to configure locations.

retest_on_failure: false
----

////////////////////////

> locations

Reviewer 2: General comment that you really can't fix: It's annoying that the user needs to use a scrollbar to view all the content in the table.

////////////////////////
| [[monitor-locations]] *`locations`*
(list of https://github.com/elastic/synthetics/blob/{synthetics_version}/src/locations/public-locations.ts#L28-L37[`SyntheticsLocationsType`])

> a| Where to deploy the monitor. Monitors can be deployed in multiple locations so that you can detect differences in availability and response times across those locations.

Reviewer 2: I'm not hyper aggressive about passive voice, but in this case maybe removing it makes the statement more concise?
```suggestion
a| Where to deploy the monitor. You can deploy monitors in multiple locations to detect differences in availability and response times across those locations.
```

To list available locations you can:

* Run the <<elastic-synthetics-locations-command,`elastic-synthetics locations` command>>.
* Go to *Synthetics* -> *Management* and click *Create monitor*. Locations will be listed in _Locations_.

*Examples*:

[source,yaml]
----
locations: ["japan", "india"]
----

[source,yaml]
----
locations:
  - japan
  - india
----

[NOTE]
====

> This can also be set in the project configuration file using

Reviewer 2: Removes repeated words
```suggestion
This can also be set using
```

<<synthetics-configuration-monitor,`monitor.locations` in the project configuration file>>
or via the CLI using the <<elastic-synthetics-push-command,`--location` flag on `push`>>.

> The value defined via the CLI will take precedence over the value defined in the lightweight monitor configuration,
> and the value defined in the lightweight monitor configuration will take precedence over the value defined in _project_ configuration file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The value defined via the CLI takes precedence over the value defined in the lightweight monitor configuration,
and the value defined in the lightweight monitor configuration takes precedence over the value defined in _project_ configuration file.
```

====

////////////////////////
private_locations
////////////////////////
| [[monitor-private_locations]] *`private_locations`*
(list of <<synthetics-lightweight-data-string,string>>s)
a| The <<synthetics-private-location,{private-location}s>> to which the monitors will be deployed. These {private-location}s refer to locations hosted and managed by you, whereas  `locations` are hosted by Elastic. You can specify a {private-location} using the location's name.

To list available {private-location}s you can:

> * Run the <<elastic-synthetics-locations-command,`elastic-synthetics locations` command>> with the {kib} URL for the deployment from which to fetch available locations.

Reviewer 2: This sentence is a little hard to parse. Would it be accurate to say, "...and specify the {kib} URL of the deployment that has the available locations."

(I don't think "has" is the right word here, but I'm not sure how these locations are retrieved.)

Reviewer 2: If it's a list in Kibana somewhere, you could say, "..and specify the {kib} URL of the deployment that has the list of available locations.

Author: ```suggestion
* Run the <<elastic-synthetics-locations-command,`elastic-synthetics locations` command>> and specify the {kib} URL of the deployment. This will fetch all available private locations associated with the deployment.
```

* Go to *Synthetics* -> *Management* and click *Create monitor*. {private-location}s will be listed in _Locations_.

*Examples*:

[source,yaml]
----
private_locations: ["Private Location 1", "Private Location 2"]
----

[source,yaml]
----
private_locations:
  - Private Location 1
  - Private Location 2
----

[NOTE]
====

> This can also be set in the project configuration file using
> <<synthetics-configuration-monitor,`monitor.privateLocations` in the project configuration file>>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This can also be set using
<<synthetics-configuration-monitor,`monitor.privateLocations` in the project configuration file>>
```

or via the CLI using the <<elastic-synthetics-push-command,`--privateLocations` flag on `push`>>.

> The value defined via the CLI will take precedence over the value defined in the lightweight monitor configuration,
> and the value defined in the lightweight monitor configuration will take precedence over the value defined in _project_ configuration file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The value defined via the CLI takes precedence over the value defined in the lightweight monitor configuration,
and the value defined in the lightweight monitor configuration takes precedence over the value defined in _project_ configuration file.
```
